what's going on Clara fighters it's the
night and today was reacting to the shia
labeouf the bat me of a Superman trailer
that just dropped and a bit wondering
why I'm talking like this because we're
good friend Germany reacts wanted me to
do an impersonation of him at the same
time I don't have blue eyes but one
memorized as big as i can because he has
really big fucking eyes and the Mars
gotta get that big so I'm going
throughout this video I'm going to be on
it oh its toes and toes lots of fun the
night entire wall madness and everyone
is all reacted to it so I'm going to do
it and you want me to do my best
impression of what they have called the
stained face so there we go I'm not good
at this so let's see that was but I to
get my bass let's see what's going on
how I do it it's Jamie reacts going on
so now let's see let's get straight to
the video man is under surveillance
let's help its most pure panic and
confusion liquid crystals oscillating
these are being broken 57 million
$10 quite this almost into a state of
euphoria fuck this is boring stop giving
up don't let your dream members
yesterday you said tomorrow so just do
it make your dreams come true I'm
Superman
trust
sake
nothing you say boss
what are you waiting for
yes CJ
hahaha those fucking awesome
Don
wow that was actually hilarious how do
they do that like they had him that
actually blend it in perfectly that was
funny tell me do you bleed yes he can
wow that was funny good job have I made
it I didn't look into it uh able to say
created by or we didn't read it but if
he's laughing but um that was really
good have to check out the other ones I
know this like 50,000 other Shia LaBeouf
do it video so I have to go check them
up right now Jamie reacts here you're
our brother you wanted me to react to
this here it is I tried to do my best
impersonation of you likes it i don't
have the blue eyes and the big eyes and
all of that but I tried so once I can I
got beady eyes I can only go so far but
uh hey you i'm pretty sure the crime
fighter's anyone else was not a crime
fighter and watching this video I be
like what's going on here's next scent
and now he doesn't it's weird and all
this stuff now you know so thank you
brother let me know this out hope you
enjoyed the reaction hope the rest of
you enjoyed my reaction tons of more
shires to do so make sure you subscribe
to me and Jamie reacts for the rest of
our material join me on the road to
10,000 subscribers like how many share
subscribe if you haven't already guessed
all these five thousand subscribers to
get hashed out you fill out the ground
follow me on Twitter Lord the rest of my
social media post in the description box
below live from the manner it's the
night and I'll see you later